Whatâ€™s Nebulas
==============

Nebulas: Next Generation Public Blockchain
------------------------------------------

Nebulas is aiming to build a continuously improving ecosystem.
--------------------------------------------------------------

Nebulas is a next-generation public blockchain. It introduces Nebulas
Rank (NR), a new measure of value for every unit of the blockchain
universe, like addresses, DApps and smart contracts. Based on NR, it
involves Nebulas Incentive (NI), which incentives developers with
Developer Incentive Protocol, and users with the Proof of Devotion
consensus algorithm. Moreover, it proposes Nebulas Force (NF), which
gives the blockchain and smart contracts within it a self-evolving
capacity. In unison, NR, NI, and NF produce a continuously improving and
expanding blockchain ecosystem.

There are three technical features: value ranking, self-evolution, and
native incentive.

Facing the opportunity and challenge as above, we aim to create a
self-evolving blockchain system based on value incentive.

|image0|

Principles
----------

The Nebulas blockchain has three major principles:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :titlesonly:

    nebulas-rank-nr.md
    nebulas-force.md
    nebulas-incentive-ni.md

:doc:`Value ranking <nebulas-rank-nr>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To enable value discovery in blockchain, **Nebulas Rank** measures
multidimensional data in the blockchain world and powers the
decentralized search framework.

:doc:`Native incentives <nebulas-force>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To avoid the damage caused by forking to the blockchain, **Nebulas
Force** enables rapid iteration and upgradability to its blockchain
without the need for hard forks.

:doc:`Nebulas Incentives <nebulas-incentive-ni>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With forward-looking incentive and consensus mechanisms, the **Nebulas
Incentive** rewards developers and users who contribute to the
sustainability and growth of the ecosystem.

This is the except of Nebulas Non-technical Whitepaper.

If you want to know more about Nebulas, please subscribe this official
blog, or visit our website: `nebulas.io <https://nebulas.io/>`__. Read
our Non-technical White Paper
(`English <https://nebulas.io/docs/NebulasWhitepaper.pdf>`__), Technical
White Paper
(`English <https://nebulas.io/docs/NebulasTechnicalWhitepaper.pdf>`__).

Thank you.

.. |image0| image:: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*8YETuI_IvyjXvlvnzbBWnw.png